feat(managers/ocb): add new manager for OpenTelemetryCollectorBuilder (#26509)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/modules/manager/ocb/readme.md

> This manager allows updating dependencies defined in build definitions for the [OpenTelemetry Collector Builder (ocb)](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/tree/main/cmd/builder).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renovate uses this manager to update dependencies defined in  the build definitions for the [OpenTelemetry Collector Builder (ocb)](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/tree/main/cmd/builder).
```

> The `ocb` manager has no `fileMatch` default patterns, so it won't match any files until you configure it with a pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the `ocb` manager has no `fileMatch` patterns.
This means you must set a `fileMatch` pattern for the `ocb` manager, in order for Renovate to update your `ocb` files.
Here's a configuration example:
```

How about something like this? We should explain that the user must do something first. And put our point positively, so from `it won't match any files until you ...` to: `This means you must set...`

> ```json title="If your builder files are named like foo-builder.yml or builder.yaml"

Reviewer 2: @HonkingGoose does this work with mkdocs?

Reviewer: It should work. 🙂

See: https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/reference/code-blocks/#adding-a-title

{
  "ocb": {
    "fileMatch": ["builder.ya?ml$"]
  }
}
```

Supported dependencies and their respective `depType`s are:

| Name           | depType      |
| -------------- | ------------ |

> | Base collector | `collector`  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| base collector | `collector`  |
```

Is this supposed to be capitalized? It looks a bit funny because the other items in this column are all lowercase. But maybe this term is a proper noun, and needs to be capitalized...

Author: 🤷‍♂️
